The difference is the reserves is just what it says. It's a reserve status.That
means that if there's a war, you're one of the first people
that they would call, rather than civilians to go fight the war. And
the reason that they do that is because they know that you've been
trained. The two days per month, two weeks per year, during that time
they train you so that you know your job very well. If you're an
electrician, like I was, then they're going to teach you how to operate
in a military structure when you're back home. Or when they send
you to different places during those two weeks per year, so for instance,
I go to New Hampshire from my home in California. So when you
go over there, then they actually put you on a ship. And then you're
actually doing real, active duty physical work.  So you get trained
both places. Back home, I learn what a chief does and how he interacts
with people. And when I go on my two week annual training, then
I actually learn what an electrician does. So when a war happens,
then I'm one of the first people that they call. We get paid the exact
amount for the time that we're in. In fact, they pay us a little
bit more, because they realize that they're taking us from our normal
civilian job. However, for the most part, it's active duty service,
part time.